chore: update README.md (#1423)
vuestorefront/magento2: README.md

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/770285988244750366?label=join%20discord&logo=Discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.vuestorefront.io)

> ### This is only the api-client package, you need to install the other dependencies also.
> 
> If you want to quickly try out VSF using magento use [this repo](http://discord.vuestorefront.io](https://github.com/vuestorefront/storefront-nuxt2-magento2))!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**This repository contains integration between Magento and Vue Storefront Middleware.**
This integration is then consumed in the Nuxt 2 template that resides in [this repo](http://discord.vuestorefront.io](https://github.com/vuestorefront/storefront-nuxt2-magento2))!

```
